README.md, before:

# Shanghai - AI Powered Art in a Discord Bot!

<img src=https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/971549874514444358/1012400070559277086/1502073419.png?3867929 width=50% height=50%>

### Any questions or need help? Come hop on by to our Discord server!

[![Discord Server](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/930499730843250783/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/Sx6Spmsgx7)


## Setup
Clone the repo, then install the dependencies in ``requirements.txt`` - also make sure you have the [CUDA Tookit](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads) for your system installed - then in ``run.bat`` include your HuggingFace token and the Discord token for your bot, then simply execute the script.

Or, if you want to skip the batch script, you can simply run this in a terminal.

``$ python . --model_path=PATH_TO_MODEL --token=DISCORD_TOKEN --hf_token=HF_TOKEN``

### Quickstart
#### Text to Image

To generate an image from text, use the ``/dream`` command and include your prompt as the query. There's tons of parameters to play with so go wild!

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26317155/186722689-3cbca12a-531c-47f7-b87f-99918e9ed232.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26317155/186721768-3684f629-90c3-4ef2-82b8-1310200df437.png)


#### Image to Image

To generate an image from another image, use the ``/dream`` command and include the `init_image` and `strength` parameters. The image needs to be attached to the message.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26317155/186722463-ec3a6d24-36c1-48f8-b09a-57651706848c.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26317155/186722528-7e652a21-fd02-4071-9fc1-87a31dfb6e63.png)


#### (Experimental) Inpainting

To fill in a mask in an image, supply a prompt, the `init_image`, `mask_image` and `strength` parameters. The mask needs to consist of black pixels in a transparent image.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26317155/186722970-71a662dc-16a8-4bb4-8696-3bafb3e08e65.png)

Commit message:

Added a setup script to install requirements into a venv, and added a patch script to fix the SIGKILL error on Windows 10

README.md, after:

# Shanghai - AI Powered Art in a Discord Bot!

<img src=https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/971549874514444358/1012400070559277086/1502073419.png?3867929 width=50% height=50%>

### Any questions or need help? Come hop on by to our Discord server!

[![Discord Server](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/930499730843250783/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/Sx6Spmsgx7)


## Setup
Make sure you have the [CUDA Toolkit](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads) installed

Clone the repository and enter it
````
git clone https://github.com/harubaru/discord-stable-diffusion.git
cd discord-stable-diffusion
````

#### WINDOWS SETUP
Run `setup.bat`. If you run into any errors, try running the file as administrator

If you are on a Windows 10 system, run `win10patch.bat`

Modify the `run.bat` file, where
* `--model_path` is the path to the model (make sure to replace any backslashes with double backslashes),
* `--token=` is the token to the Discord bot
* `--hf_token=` is your huggingface token (can be found [here](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens))

Run the `run.bat` file
#### LINUX SETUP
Run `./setup.sh`. If you run into any errors, try using `sudo ./setup.sh`

Modify the `run.sh` file, where
* `--model_path` is the path to the model,
* `--token=` is the token to the Discord bot
* `--hf_token=` is your huggingface token (can be found [here](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens))

Run `./run.sh`

### Quickstart
#### Text to Image

To generate an image from text, use the ``/dream`` command and include your prompt as the query. There's tons of parameters to play with so go wild!

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26317155/186722689-3cbca12a-531c-47f7-b87f-99918e9ed232.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26317155/186721768-3684f629-90c3-4ef2-82b8-1310200df437.png)


#### Image to Image

To generate an image from another image, use the ``/dream`` command and include the `init_image` and `strength` parameters. The image needs to be attached to the message.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26317155/186722463-ec3a6d24-36c1-48f8-b09a-57651706848c.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26317155/186722528-7e652a21-fd02-4071-9fc1-87a31dfb6e63.png)


#### (Experimental) Inpainting

To fill in a mask in an image, supply a prompt, the `init_image`, `mask_image` and `strength` parameters. The mask needs to consist of black pixels in a transparent image.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26317155/186722970-71a662dc-16a8-4bb4-8696-3bafb3e08e65.png)
